Merging PS FAQ into individual docs #2 (#5654)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/attribution-reporting/index.md

Keep track of the [API changes](/docs/privacy-sandbox/attribution-reporting-updates/).

{% Aside 'note' %}

> Attribution Reporting is the new name for the Event Conversion Measurement API. [The name was changed](/docs/privacy-sandbox/attribution-reporting-introduction/), as the original event-level scope expanded to cover additional measurement use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attribution Reporting was formerly known as the Event Conversion Measurement API. [The name was changed](/docs/privacy-sandbox/attribution-reporting-introduction/) in 2022, as the original event-level scope expanded to cover additional measurement use cases.
```

It's not really "new" anymore, as it's been over a year. However, it's still worth the note, hence the rewrite.
